docs: expand `CONTRIBUTING.md` and update `README.md` (#12366)
filecoin-project/lotus: CONTRIBUTING.md

Reviewer: What's your thought on having inline TOC?  I'm find to do whatever for now.  

My thoughts:
1. I like it because of visibility.  GitHub UI lets you see a toc, but you have to click for it.  I tend to navigate and skim documents using a TOC
2. I don't like them in Markdown because they have to be checked into code and you have to generate them in some way.  (I ideally just want to say `__TOC__` and have it rendered automatically.)  If every maintainer follows the same toolchain convention, then there is good tooling for this.  Otherwise this gets annoying.
 
I can go either way - just asking since I didn't see one - not sure if deliberate or an oversight.

Author: @BigLep Will followup in another PR with how we can get this check into code automatically.

Reviewer: PR: https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/pull/12372

  - `type`: MUST be one of _build, chore, ci, docs, feat, fix, perf, refactor, revert, style, test_
  - `scope`: OPTIONAL arbitrary string that is usually one of _api, chain, deps, mempool, multisig, networking, paych, proving, sealing, state, wallet_
  - Breaking changes must add a `!`
  - Optionally the PR title can be prefixed with `[skip changelog]` if no changelog edits should be made for this change.

Note that this is enforced with https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/blob/master/.github/workflows/pr-title-check.yml

## CHANGELOG Management

To expedite the release process, the CHANGELOG is built-up incrementally.  
We enforce that each PR updates CHANGELOG.md or signals that the change doesn't need it.
If the PR affects users (e.g., new feature, bug fix, system requirements change), update the CHANGELOG.md and add details to the UNRELEASED section.
If the change does not require a CHANGELOG.md entry, do one of the following:
- Add `[skip changelog]` to the PR title
- Add the label `skip/changelog` to the PR

Note that this is enforced with https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/blob/master/.github/workflows/changelog.yml

## Getting Help

> If you need help with your contribution, please don't hesitate to ask questions in our [discussions](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/discussions) or reach out to the maintainers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need help with your contribution, please don't hesitate to ask questions in our [discussions](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/discussions) or reach out to t[he maintainers](https://github.com/orgs/filecoin-project/teams/lotus-maintainers).
```

Ideally I'd want to link to a CODEOWNERS file but I know we don't have that now.
